docs(user-docs): add tsup migration docs (#512)
swarmion/swarmion: user-docs/documentation/docs/how-to-guides/3-migration-guides/2-babel-to-tsup.md

## How?

> In order to migrate from Babel to Tsup:
> 
> - Enable `import/no-extraneous-dependencies` in your eslint config:
>   ```js
>   {
>     files: ['**/src/**'],
>     excludedFiles: ['**/__tests__/**', '**/*.test.ts?(x)'],
>     rules: {
>       'import/no-extraneous-dependencies': [
>         'error',
>         {
>           devDependencies: false,
>           optionalDependencies: false,
>           peerDependencies: true,
>         },
>       ],
>     },
>   },
>   ```

Reviewer: I think this is a bit different from simply migrating tsup

Here is a bit more contexte
```suggestion
Before migrating from Babel to Tsup, we strongly recommend adding eslint `no-extraneous-dependencies` rule.
This will ensure you don't forget to specify your dependencies in your `package.json`. If you forget any, tsup will bundle them resulting in bigger bundle size

- Enable `import/no-extraneous-dependencies` in your eslint config:
  ```js
  {
    files: ['**/src/**'],
    excludedFiles: ['**/__tests__/**', '**/*.test.ts?(x)'],
    rules: {
      'import/no-extraneous-dependencies': [
        'error',
        {
          devDependencies: false,
          optionalDependencies: false,
          peerDependencies: true,
        },
      ],
    },
  },
  ```
```

Author: This is clearer indeed
